Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities The purpose of the Data Scientist is to develop advanced analytic solutions from big data, internal data sets, and other data sources. Major responsibilities include the following: Design and development of advanced analytics projects. Development of interfaces from analytics platform to other systems. Close collaboration with project business manager and internal team. Communication with internal business stakeholder departments. Qualifications: Team player with an ability to work with across teams to achieve objectives Ability to develop and maintain strong working relationships across functional boundaries, and at all levels of the company. Ability to work on a solution despite the potential of insufficient and/or imperfect information Flexibility/adaptability to work within changing circumstances Experience with Agile methodology for application development Experience with advanced data analytics and data mining Strong verbal and written communications skills Minimum of 4 years of relevant experience Preference given for advanced degree in business analytics / business intelligence **The job level may be modified upward based on the qualifications of the candidate** Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities The Senior Project Manager/Business Analyst will be responsible for managing projects (planning through execution), implementing and testing system enhancements and support for the business area they serve. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Lead projects related to all enhancements to the system, implementation of new modules, new functionality and upgrades. Responsible for collection and preparation of specifications and requirements for enhancements to the application. Monitor and manage progress of projects to ensure the system is meeting corporate needs and expectations. Advanced support of users, which includes diagnosing and resolving issues related to application modules. Prepare training and system documentation. Lead and attend Rapid Continuous Improvement (RCI) events. Read manuals, periodicals, and technical reports to learn how to develop programs that meet staff and user requirements Track and maintain constant communication with the customer from the beginning to the end of any established case, issue, or concern Remain highly adaptable - Due to the turbulent nature of priorities in supporting customers, this role requires high adaptability to changing demands, deadlines and priorities Lead backlog grooming and sprint planning for own scrum team Coordinate with other project managers and scrum teams EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND SKILLS REQUIRED: High School Diploma or GED required Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent of three years ERP functional applications experience Minimum of four years direct business experience in an Altec facility or a minimum of three years Oracle or ERP functional applications knowledge. Demonstrated Project Manager and/or Scrum Master experience by successfully leading and concluding a software implementation or upgrade required. Experience with Agile processes and methodologies Minimum of six years of experience in systems experience. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to problem solve Current valid Driver’s License Must be able to work with team members and work with minimal supervision **Job level may be modified upwards based on qualifications of the candidate** Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. At Altec, advanced technology efforts are aimed, without exception, at helping customers work “Safer and Smarter.” Altec invests more resources than any other manufacturer in the advancement of safety, reliability, uptime and low cost of ownership. Our Values Sustain Our Vision: Altec continues to pursue a singular vision: To be recognized by customers as the preferred supplier of products, services and solutions in all markets we serve. Our values sustain that vision, our goals build upon it and our associates help to achieve it. Altec’s values are the cornerstone of our corporate culture and every Altec associate is considered an integral part of Team Altec. Our Values (in alphabetical order): Customer First, Enjoyment of Work, Family, Financial Stability, Integrity, People Are Our Greatest Strength, Quality, Spiritual Development, Teamwork. Responsibilities PURPOSE OF POSITION: Responsible for designing and developing software applications, unit testing, debugging new and/or existing software, performance tuning and optimization of existing systems. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: • Complete complex programming solutions • Lead design meetings with users or external business partners to develop complex business solutions • Presenting ideas for system improvements, including cost proposals;  Responsible for determining and achieving return on  investment of development projects • Coordinate and lead teams of Support Developers, Developers, and Senior Developers • Prioritize tasks across team to ensure proper workflow • Write technical documentation • Reviewing current systems • Provide user support to associates • Track and maintain constant communication with the customer from the beginning to the end of any established case, issue,  or concern • Ensure appropriate software testing is defined and performed • Remain highly adaptable • Willingness to work outside standard business hours to resolves issues or complete special projects as needed • All other duties as assigned EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND SKILLS REQUIRED: • Bachelors in related discipline strongly preferred, but consideration may be given to exceptional candidates with 10 years relevant work experience. • Advanced experience programming for ERP, large enterprise or BI systems (Oracle or Qlikview preferred) • Project Management experience • Minimum of 6 years programming experience with Oracle tools: SQL, Java, PL/SQL, forms, OA Framework, etc. • Current valid Driver’s License • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Must be able to work with team members and work with minimal supervision OTHER POSITION SPECIFICATIONS: • Demonstrated record of responsibility • Extremely detail oriented • Customer Service Oriented • Motivated, goal oriented and persistent • Maintain Company confidentiality • Must handle stress and deadlines well • Excellent problem-solving and decision-making ability • Good leadership ability • Participate in Continuous Improvement Initiatives • Travel 0-25% Communication with Others: • Requires outside and inside contacts to carry out company policy and programs;  Improper handling will have considerable effect on operational results;  Must often deal with matters requiring explanation, persuasion and obtaining of approvals Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities Codes Java software applications to adhere to designs supporting internal business requirements or external customers. Standardizes the quality assurance procedure for software. Oversees testing and develops fixes. Responsible for designing and developing software applications, unit testing, debugging new and/or existing software, performance tuning and optimization of existing systems MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Complete complex programming solutions Presenting ideas for system improvements, including cost proposals Write technical documentation Reviewing current systems Provide user support to associates Track and maintain constant communication with the customer from the beginning to the end of any established case, issue, or concern Ensure appropriate software testing is defined and performed Remain highly adaptable Willingness to work outside standard business hours to resolves issues or complete special projects as needed EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND SKILLS REQUIRED: College degree in MIS, Information Science, or other technical discipline or equivalent work experience required Advanced experience programming for ERP systems (Oracle preferred) Project Management experience Minimum of 2 years programming experience with Oracle tools: SQL, Java, Spring, Angular, PL/SQL, forms, OA Framework, etc. Current valid Driver’s License Excellent written and verbal communication skills Must be able to work with team members and work with minimal supervision The job level is able to be adjusted at time of hire, if the candidate meets the qualifications for jobs of a more experienced level in the career path. Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Responsibilities You will be an integral member of one of our software development teams.  One responsibility will be translating business needs to technical requirements.  You will also be responsible for creating and executing tests on software and systems affecting internal and external customers’ experience with Altec. Technical Requirements for this position: Translate business needs into technical requirements and validate against the software under test to assure alignment between businesses needs, the written requirements and the software delivered. Write, revise, and verify quality standards and test procedures for program design and product evaluation to attain quality of software economically and efficiently Proactively assess risks and help to find issues as early as possible Create automated integrations and regression test suites that will be used to improve software development processes May develop utility scripts to test, track, and verify defects in software program Manage defects to facilitate communication and understanding of the urgency and priority associated with the business need Participation in release process by providing insight into the current software condition and limitations prior to production release Manage multiple project tasks simultaneously Create new and maintain existing documentation for testing the team’s applications Identify components under test and be able to expand test scope where appropriate to validate component interactions Create and execute white-box testing scenarios Education, Experience, and Other Requirements: High School Diploma or GED required Bachelor’s Degree in related discipline strongly preferred, but consideration may be given to an exceptional candidate with 8 years relevant work experience. Organized with attention to detail Unafraid to write code to break code Team player with strong entrepreneurial attitude Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate at various organizational levels Experience with agile teams and methodologies Passion for self-improvement and continual learning Analytical and creative mind with interest in interpreting data Enthusiastic about helping to deliver high-quality applications, and love to break things and track down bugs Basic understanding of SQL preferred Working knowledge of Java or other programming languages is a plus Experience with any part of Hadoop stack (map-reduce, Hive, Scoup, Pig etc.) a plus Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities PURPOSE OF POSITION: Manages, administers and maintains the organization's email system(s) MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Manager Exchange and / or O365 mailboxes Provide technical support for OS, software, and hardware related issues Windows Server, Group Policy and Active Directory support including Azure AD Manage user accounts Proactively monitor servers to ensure maximum efficiency and uptime Perform software patching and upgrades Provides on call technical support for end users Provide exceptional customer service EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND SKILLS REQUIRED: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience on a year-for-year basis required , Information System related degree strongly preferred Minimum of two to five years of experience in a technical support environment, with at least two years in an Exchange Administrator role.The majority of this experience should be supporting Microsoft-based systems. Exceptional knowledge of Microsoft operating systems, both desktop and server Experience working with helpdesk ticketing systems Ability to learn quickly and adapt to changes Ability to work independently and as part of a team Self-Motivated Working technical knowledge of current messaging and collaboration systems software, protocols, and standards, including Microsoft sharePoint and Proofpoint Working technical knowledge of clustered Exchange Must have own transportation Willingness to work outside of standard business hours to resolve issues or complete special projects, as needed. Current valid Driver’s License Familiar with operating system scripting Excellent written and verbal communication skills **The job level may be modified upward based on the qualifications of the candidate** OTHER POSITION SPECIFICATIONS: Microsoft Certification relevant to the position desired. Experience with server virtualization technologies (VMWare) desired Demonstrated record of responsibility Extremely detail oriented Customer Service Oriented Motivated, goal oriented and persistent Must handle stress and deadlines well Participate in Continuous Improvement Initiatives Travel 0-25% Responsibility for Safety: Safety In everything we do Responsibility to Prevent Errors: Ensures appropriate reviews have been performed as needed for high quality Mental Alertness: Continuous attention to all job functions ensuring quality products Communication with Others: Requires outside and inside contacts to carry out company policy and programs;Improper handling will have considerable effect on operational results;Must often deal with matters requiring explanation, persuasion and obtaining of approvals Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities Lead a manufacturing systems programming team with responsibility for designing and developing Microsoft .NET software applications. Will supervise a diverse team in multiple locations in testing, debugging new and/or existing software, performance tuning, and optimization of existing systems. Responsibilities Direct and lead team of application developers across multiple manufacturing locations. Prioritize and assign programming and systems tasks Manage workload across team of programmers Lead design meetings with business users. Collaborate with technical and business resources on application architecture Requirements Minimum of six years programming experience with Microsoft tools: SQL, C#, or .Net. Bachelors in related discipline strongly preferred, but consideration may be given to exceptional candidates with 10 years relevant work experience. Experience programming for large enterprise systems, or manufacturing systems High School Diploma or GED required Current valid Driver’s License Excellent written and verbal communication skills Must be able to work with team members and work with minimal supervision Travel 25% to 50% Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities PURPOSE OF POSITION: Responsible for implementing information systems which will adequately support the enterprise infrastructure of the organization. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Provides judgment and analysis for the development and implementation of systems. Analyzes system requirements and ensures that systems will offer security and will be effectively integrated with current applications. Provides reporting to management of critical business systems related to operational readiness and utilization Recommends technology purchases that will support and enhance the company’s systems. Ensures that all systems are working at optimal levels and offers support to application development department regarding new technologies and system requirements. Logs Service Requests with service or software providers when issues cannot be resolved internally Prepares Training and system documentation Develops, document and revises system, test procedures, and quality standards Provides staff and users with assistance solving systems related problems, such as malfunctions and program problems Remains highly adaptable - Due to the changing nature of priorities in supporting business users, this role requires high adaptability Tracks and maintains constant communication with the business users from the beginning to the end of any established case, issue, or concern Consults with management to ensure agreement on system principles May provide consultation on complex projects May supervise the work of others All other duties as assigned EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND SKILLS REQUIRED: Bachelor’s Degree in related discipline strongly preferred, but consideration may be given to an exceptional candidate with 8 years relevant work experience. Minimum of four years of experience in one or more of the following: Application Servers Database Servers SAN Infrastructure Virtual Environments Applying security updates and patches Active Directory Implementing, and supportingLAN and WAN environments in a highly distributed environment Working with telecommunications vendors to install, upgrade, and maintain critical network connections and equipment Network security management to secure enterprise communications Designing, implementing, and maintaining enterprise backup solutions Managing video conferencing solutions including interacting with disparate systems Mobile device management Demonstrated project management experience by successfully leading and concluding a technical implementation or upgrade required. Strong ability to solve complex technical issues Current valid Driver’s License Microsoft Office Suite and other office management application knowledge required Experience with relational databases, client-server concepts andIP fundamentals Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Must be able to work with team members and work independently Strong ability to understand, document and troubleshoot various enterprise applications to resolve issues affecting production OTHER POSITION SPECIFICATIONS: Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Demonstrated record of responsibility Extremely detail oriented Customer Service Oriented Motivated, goal oriented and persistent Maintain Company confidentiality Must handle stress and deadlines well Participate in Continuous Improvement Initiatives Travel 0-25% **The job level may be modified upward based on the qualifications of the candidate** Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? Come join the industry leader in hydraulic utility equipment!  Our Operations Training Specialist will provide leadership for training of Altec associates to deliver professional results in required process to support customer satisfaction.  Altec is currently experiencing record growth and is committed to hiring candidates who will continue that record of success. OUR VALUES: Customer First – Enjoyment of Work – Family – Financial Stability – Integrity – People are our Greatest Strength – Quality – Spiritual Development – Teamwork PURPOSE OF POSITION: Develops and administers training curriculum, training material, and e-courses for hands-on, production associates.   Also conducts a variety of training for salaried associates related to Altec’s production system, safety and continuous improvement. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: • Develops training curriculum and chooses appropriate training method (on the job training, classroom, e-learning, simulations, one-on-one) that fulfills training objectives. • Designs, develops, and maintains training materials and educational aids such as e-courses, presentations, examinations, and reference materials • Confirms project requirements by reviewing program objective, input data and output requirements with subject matter experts. • Provides leadership and coaching for Altec associates and develops skills for their current and future positions within Altec • Maps out training plans, designs, and develops training programs for hourly operations associates. • Schedules, coordinates, and facilitates training for Altec hourly operations associates. • Teaches groups of associates in a classroom or live online setting to fulfill training objectives. • Assesses instructional effectiveness and summarizes evaluation reports to determine training effectiveness. • Attends, facilitates, and leads process improvement events to create and improve non-technical training program and material and improves quality of processes and work procedures. • Conducts new hire orientation • May work outside of standard business hours to resolve issues or complete special projects as needed.  All other duties as assigned EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND SKILLS REQUIRED: • Preference will be given to candidates with 6-8 years’ experience in Altec operations and training or equivalent programs • Training facilitation, course development, or training activities coordination experience • Bachelor’s Degree strongly preferred • Knowledge of and experience with learning management systems and e-courses • Familiarity with job training methods and techniques • Excellent written and verbal communications skills • Keen attention to detail and high level of accountability • Ability to organize and manage multiple projects, activities, and work independently with minimal supervision • Ability to work with team members in a team environment. • Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills • Proficient computer skills with the ability to use current software and learn new software that supports the facilitation of training and development of e-courses, presentations, exams, etc. The job level is able to be adjusted at time of hire, if the candidate meets the qualifications for jobs of a more experienced level in the career path. Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities Responsible for managing projects, analyzing and interpreting business requirements, implementing and testing system enhancements and providing support for the business area they serve. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Project Management: Lead projects related to all enhancements to the system, implementation of new modules, new functionality and upgrades Monitor and manage progress of projects to ensure the system is meeting corporate needs and expectations Maintain a systems roadmap for the business area assigned and track progress against this roadmap Needs Analysis: Lead and attend Rapid Continuous Improvement (RCI) events to help identify business opportunities. Work with team to develop solutions to address complex business issues Quality Assurance/Testing: Prepare and execute test scripts for changes and enhancements made to application modules, including upgrades Requirements Gathering: Work with team to develop scope and objectives for projects Use a structured approach to collect and prepare specifications and requirements for enhancements to the application Application Support: Advanced Support of users, which includes diagnosing and resolving issues related to application modules Training and Documentation: Prepare and maintain training and system documentation Track and maintain constant communication with the customer from the beginning to the end of any established case, issue, or concern Remain highly adaptable - Due to the turbulent nature of priorities in supporting customers, this role requires high adaptability to changing demands, deadlines and priorities All other duties as assigned **The job level may be modified upward based on the qualifications of the candidate** OTHER POSITION SPECIFICATIONS: Proven Business Analyst skills Proven Project Management Skills Experience in Agile is preferred Demonstrated record of responsibility Extremely detail oriented Customer Service Oriented Motivated, goal oriented and persistent Maintain Company confidentiality Must handle stress and deadlines well Ability to problem solve Participate in Continuous Improvement Initiatives Travel 0-25% Responsibility for Safety: Safety In everything we do Responsibility to Prevent Errors: Ensures appropriate reviews have been performed as needed for high quality Mental Alertness: Continuous attention to all job functions ensuring quality products Communication with Others: Requires outside and inside contacts to carry out company policy and programs;Improper handling will have considerable effect on operational results;Must often deal with matters requiring explanation, persuasion and obtaining of approvals REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent of three years ERP functional applications experience High School Diploma or GED Required Minimum of four years direct business experience in an Altec facility or a minimum of three years Oracle or ERP functional applications knowledge. Must be Proficient in one module of CRM. Current valid Driver’s License Excellent written and verbal communication skills Must be able to work with team members and work with minimal supervision Ability to problem solve Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? Take a Career Step! Work for an industry leader that designs, tests, manufactures, assembles, sells, and services its own products. Join a company with a history of continuous growth and a team-focused culture which strongly embraces continuous improvement, a company with financial stability, making strategic investments in its future. Sharpen a broad range of skills with on-going in-house training and technical support. Please send resume to hrrecruiter@altec.com And apply on-line at https://careers.altec.com Altec specializes in hydraulic utility equipment including aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes, telecom, and specialty equipment, supporting customers in over 100 countries throughout the world.  Provide service and repair of the Altec and related product line. Check us out on YouTube!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHhlRO0jTZQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86g3EaEAFmw Altec’s Values (in alphabetical order) :  Customer First - Enjoyment of Work - Family - Financial Stability - Integrity - People are our Greatest Strength - Quality - Spiritual Development - Teamwork Education, Experience, and Skills Required The job level is able to be adjusted at time of hire, if the candidate meets the qualifications for jobs of a more experienced level in the career path. Some experience or educational background related to mechanics, electronics or hydraulic systems Related experience :  truck-mounted hydraulic utility equipment such as aerial devices, digger derricks, chippers, cranes, specialty equipment; construction, mining, or farm equipment such as dozers or tractors; military heavy equipment such as the MRAP vehicle, HMEE, or tanks; aircraft and aerospace or ground support equipment (AGE / GSE) repair Ability to read, write and communicate in English Physical effort is required to move objects  and service-related tools that may weigh up to 75 pounds.  Frequent stooping, bending squatting and kneeling are required to service and repair equipment. Overtime and shift work may be required. Able to develop the computer skills necessary to complete support duties High School Diploma or GED Basic knowledge of hand tools, power tools and measuring devices Major Responsibilities Complete on-the-job and classroom training in the mechanical, electrical and hydraulic components of the product line and associated repair / service procedures to perform duties with the assistance of more experienced associates. Uphold Altec’s safety commitment as well as any safety requirements of the customer Determine overall condition of machines through inspections, and provide maintenance Diagnose issues with hydraulic and electrical systems Restore equipment to working order through component replacement and / or repair Exhibit positive and effective communication and interaction with other Altec associates, vendors, and customer Keep current on recordkeeping, parts ordering/inventory, basic contract provisions with respect to product warranties, and customer invoicing Utilize operators and parts & maintenance manuals in determining procedures and identifying parts. Competitive pay which rewards performance Comprehensive benefits including Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program - Retirement 401(k) Program - Vacation and Holidays - Flexible Spending Accounts - Tuition Assistance Program - Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program - Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
Why Join Altec? If you’re considering a career with Altec, Inc., there’s never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That’s why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service; and that’s why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company: Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities Purpose of Position: Partners with business teams to understand information needs to support continuous improvement initiatives, develop KPI's, identify business opportunities, and help solve critical issues.  Develops solutions using Qlikview business intelligence platform based on business needs. Major responsibilities include: Complete programming solutions with Qlikview and other BI tools Interact with users for programming specification clarification and detail Write technical documentation Provide user support for Altec associates via phone, email and in person Perform software testing Maintain and support existing applications – including helping manage the daily schedule of running jobs Willingness to work outside standard business hours to resolves issues or complete special projects Track and maintain constant communication with the customer from the beginning to the end of any established case, issue, or concern Remain highly adaptable All other duties as assigned Other Position Specifications: Extremely detail oriented Customer Service Oriented Motivated, goal oriented and persistent Maintain Company confidentiality Must handle stress and deadlines well Participate in Continuous Improvement Initiatives Travel 0-25% Communication with Others: Requires outside and inside contacts to carry out company policy and programs;  Improper handling will have considerable effect on operational results;  Must often deal with matters requiring explanation, persuasion and obtaining of approvals **The job level may be modified upward based on the qualifications of the candidate** Qualifications High School Diploma or GED required Bachelor’s Degree in an applicable discipline  required Experience programming for ERP systems or BI Systems, Oracle/Qlikview preferred Programming experience with Oracle tools: SQL, Java, PL/SQL, forms, OA Framework, etc preferred Current valid Driver’s License Excellent written and verbal communication skills Must be able to work with team members Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes: • Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program • Retirement 401(k) Program • Vacation and Holidays • Flexible Spending Accounts • Tuition Assistance Program • Employee Assistance and Mental Health/Substance Abuse Program • Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
The Packer will provide customer service by assisting in the packing and loading of household goods in a safe, timely and efficient manner. Essential Functions: Pack household belongings for customers using supplies supplied by the company List household belongings on inventory sheets as they are packed Mark boxes with appropriate inventory tags to ensure proper documentation Answer any questions the customer may have regarding packing of their belongings Pre-trip inspections alongside drivers of all aspects of equipment including truck interior, straps and tensioners, walk-boards, etc. Assist as needed in loading trucks and/or containers for forward movement via interstate commerce Other duties as assigned Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Knowledge of proper packing procedures Good communications skills Must be willing to travel (local, intrastate and interstate) Required Education and Experience: Required: High school diploma or GED Preferred: Previous packing experience Required: On-site safety training course Coleman Worldwide Moving (and affiliated companies) (collectively “CWM”) is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer including disabled and veterans. Our policy prohibits discrimination or harassment based on any protected characteristic. CWM will continue to support and promote equal employment opportunity, human dignity, and cultural diversity. This policy applies to all personnel matters such as compensation, benefits, transfers, Company sponsored training, education, and social and recreational programs. This commitment is made by CWM in accordance with federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations. Take part in a company that has been successful for over 100 years and is still growing - join the Coleman Team today!
The helper will provide customer service by assisting in the packing and loading of household goods in a safe, timely and efficient manner. Essential Functions and Duties: Wrap household goods for transit Perform packing jobs as necessary Lift and carry household goods between residence and vehicle Capture information on bills of lading Compute charges Assist as needed in loading trucks and/or containers for forward movement via interstate commerce Pre-trip inspections alongside drivers of all aspects of equipment including truck interior, straps and tensioners, walk-boards, etc. Complete household goods inventory Perform work at warehouse as needed Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must be willing to travel (local, intrastate and interstate) Ability to operate a forklift Good communications skills Required Education and Experience: Required: High school diploma or GED Take part in a company that has been successful for over 100 years and is still growing - join the Coleman Team today!
ADEX Travel Nursing has been employing and servicing nurse travelers, sending them to great destinations around the country. Our vast networking affords us exclusive relationships at top facilities offering you unique career opportunities. Call us for more positions, 866-341-2339! Benefits: - Hundreds of locations - Day One Major Medical and Dental - Top Pay - Custom pay package - Fully furnished housing or housing stipend - Weekly direct deposit and weekly pay - $750 referral bonuses
ADEX Travel Nursing has been employing and servicing nurse travelers, sending them to great destinations around the country. Our vast networking affords us exclusive relationships at top facilities offering you unique career opportunities. Call us for more positions, 866-341-2339! Benefits: - Hundreds of locations - Day One Major Medical and Dental - Top Pay - Custom pay package - Fully furnished housing or housing stipend - Weekly direct deposit and weekly pay - $750 referral bonuses
Description La Petite Academy in Pelham is Hiring Full/Part-Time Early Preschool Afternoon Teachers! We are located on 2825 US-31, Pelham AL Our Teachers: Are caring, compassionate and love what they do! Ensure the daily care of every child by following all licensing guidelines and implementing all company standards. Communicate directly with parents and prospective parents to achieve success for the child. Maintain a fun and interactive classroom that is clean and organized. Have countless advancement opportunities through our on-going training and expansive network of centers and brands. Are rewarded with hugs from children and praise from parents every day! We are most interested in talking to applicants that have : 1 year of experience working in a licensed childcare facility A High School diploma or equivalent Coursework or a degree in early childhood education or child development or a CDA The ability to meet state and/or accreditation requirements for education and experience Flexibility as to the hours and schedule of work Must be at least 18 years of age
Description Are you interested in a teaching career that is more than just reading, writing and math? Come join our La Petite Academy staff in Birmingham, off of John Hawkins Parkway, where we focus on developing children’s unique interests and abilities with hands-on active learning and opportunities for self-expression! We are specifically looking for a Infant and a Two's Lead Teacher, as well as a part time Floater Teacher! In this role you will be the leader of the classroom and will create fun yet educational lesson plans as well as keep the classroom clean and organized. You will also be responsible for ensuring the daily care of our children which may include changing diapers, potty training, and cleaning up big messes made by little people. You will also need to communicate with parents on a regular basis to ensure best for their child. If you aren’t afraid to be silly, get a little messy, and get lots of hugs… this job is for you! We are looking for individuals who have: At least 6 months experience in a licensed childcare or daycare center A High School Diploma or equivalent A CDA or a degree in early childhood education or child development (required for Lead Teacher) The ability to work Monday-Friday from 9:30am-6:30pm (Lead Teachers) or Monday-Friday from 12pm-6:30pm (Assistant Teacher) Must be at least 18 years of age If you are interested in endless possibilities… APPLY TODAY!
Description La Petite Academy in Birmingham is Hiring! We are currently seeking a Full-time Team Lead for our childcare center located at 5198 Valleydale Rd. Our Team Leads: Serve as mentors to fellow teachers while supporting their directors in daily school operations. Take on the duties of Director or Assistant Director in his/her absence, including opening and closing the school. Are caring, compassionate and love what they do! Ensure the daily care of every child by following all licensing guidelines and implementing all company standards. Create fun and interactive learning experiences while serving as mentors to fellow Teachers. Communicate directly with parents and prospective parents to achieve success for the child. Have countless advancement opportunities through our on-going training and expansive network of centers and brands. Are rewarded with hugs from children and praise from parents every day! We are most interested in talking to applicants that have: 1 year of experience coaching/managing and training staff members Coursework or a degree in early childhood education or child development or a CDA Experience working in a licensed childcare facility, leading a classroom as well as creating educational lesson plans The ability to meet state and/or accreditation requirements for education and experience Flexibility as to the hours and schedule of work Must be at least 18 years of age
About Lifestyle Publications: ● #1 producer of luxury publications targeting local cities and communities ● 1325% growth in publications since 2011 ● Collectively reaching over 2.5M readers every month ● Ranked in INC 5000 fastest growing companies Lifestyle Publications is represented in over 25 states and expanding rapidly.  We offer our licensees an opportunity to own and run their own business.  Homeowners love the luxury publication for its nourishing, beautiful and relevant content.   Business owners value the quality and targeted distribution. With over 82% audited readership, Lifestyle Publications enables them to invest their marketing dollars wisely to maximize ROI. Benefits of working with Lifestyle Publications ● Work for yourself but not by yourself ● Set and maintain your own schedule ● Build your own business with uncapped residual income ● Make a difference in your community ● Full training and support with no industry experience required See what a few of our Sales Directors have to say about working with Lifestyle Publications: "If you're looking for an opportunity to start your own business, grow it [and] work with a team of great people...then Lifestyle Publications is the place for you." - Randy Harding, Newport Beach Lifestyle "They have offered some of the best training I have ever seen to bring people in with no sales experience, no editorial background, and many of them are now bringing in residual checks of $12,000-$15,000 per month." - Donald Hawkins, National Sales Director "What I like best about working with Lifestyle Publications is that you can approach your business with the confidence that you have a professional team behind you." - Tim Miller, Frisco Lifestyle Job Description: Sales Director – Business Owner Lifestyle Publications is seeking highly motivated individuals, with a sales and/or business ownership background, to launch and run a luxury magazine within their local community. Successful candidates exhibit a high amount of personal discipline and drive to win combined with an amiable personality that naturally attracts others. As a Sales Director, you are the Publisher of the magazine and licensee for a target market. The publication is funded by advertising and directly mailed monthly to the most affluent homes within the target market. Typical business owners earn an annual income between $82,000 and $720,000. Your direct effort to attract advertisers and secure orders will determine your income. There is a one-time, initial $6,000 fee that covers your initial training, materials and ongoing support. Key Job Responsibilities ● Build and grow a business based on a proven model and process ● Prospect and close advertising opportunities with local businesses ● Utilize proprietary software to manage customer pipeline and business operations ● Represent the Lifestyle Publication brand in everything you do ● Facilitate events supporting local businesses in the community Eligibility Requirements ● Self-motivated, driven and committed to developing new business ● 4 – 6 months of savings to sustain you during the launch phase ● Strong communication skills (verbal and written) ● College degree with 3 years of sales or business ownership / P&L; management experience or 5 years of relevant business experience ● Solid organizational and leadership skills ● Basic computer skills Support Benefits ● Full training and sales support ● Complete layout and ad design ● Creation, printing and mailing of publication to your readers ● Website design and support ● Customized Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system ● Weekly conference calls for training and motivation for you and team You do not need to know the publishing business and we handle the work in creating your new publication. This allows you to focus solely on growing your own business as the owner and Sales Director.
Drivers for our Company (whether OTR, regional, or local) are the face and backbone of what we do and who we are.  Drivers have frequent contact with both civilian, military, and corporate customers and are expected to be courteous, well groomed, and helpful. Drivers will primarily load and transport household/corporate goods from one location to another. Essential Functions and Duties: Transport goods using a company truck Lead the crew in loading shipment on to and/or off of truck May inspect shipment prior to loading for proper packing or wrapping Perform accurate inventory of shipment Assist as need in loading trucks and/or containers for forward movement via interstate commerce Perform pre-trip safety inspections on truck of moving equipment, interior and exterior of truck, straps and tensioners, walk-boards, etc. Maintain required documentation and paperwork for shipments, expenses, driver logs, and DOT regulations Other duties as assigned Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must be willing to travel (local, intrastate and/or interstate) Ability to operate a box truck or tractor trailer (as applicable to your CDL qualification) Excellent communications skills Ability to be on time and reliable; ability to meet deadlines Knowledge of DOT regulations Required Education and Experience: Required: High school diploma or GED Required: CDL Class A or CDL Class B license Required: Good driving record (will be verified) Required: Ability to meet background standards Coleman Worldwide Moving (and affiliated companies) (collectively “CWM”) is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer including disabled and veterans. Our policy prohibits discrimination or harassment based on any protected characteristic. CWM will continue to support and promote equal employment opportunity, human dignity, and cultural diversity. This policy applies to all personnel matters such as compensation, benefits, transfers, Company sponsored training, education, and social and recreational programs. This commitment is made by CWM in accordance with federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations. Take part in a company that has been successful for over 100 years and is still growing - join the Coleman Team today!
Drivers for our Company (whether OTR, regional, or local) are the face and backbone of what we do and who we are.  Drivers have frequent contact with both civilian, military, and corporate customers and are expected to be courteous, well groomed, and helpful. Drivers will primarily load and transport household/corporate goods from one location to another. Essential Functions and Duties: Transport goods using a company truck Lead the crew in loading shipment on to and/or off of truck May inspect shipment prior to loading for proper packing or wrapping Perform accurate inventory of shipment Assist as need in loading trucks and/or containers for forward movement via interstate commerce Perform pre-trip safety inspections on truck of moving equipment, interior and exterior of truck, straps and tensioners, walk-boards, etc. Maintain required documentation and paperwork for shipments, expenses, driver logs, and DOT regulations Other duties as assigned Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must be willing to travel (local, intrastate and/or interstate) Ability to operate a box truck or tractor trailer (as applicable to your CDL qualification) Excellent communications skills Ability to be on time and reliable; ability to meet deadlines Knowledge of DOT regulations Required Education and Experience: Required: High school diploma or GED Required: CDL Class A or CDL Class B license Required: Good driving record (will be verified) Required: Ability to meet background standards Coleman Worldwide Moving (and affiliated companies) (collectively “CWM”) is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer including disabled and veterans. Our policy prohibits discrimination or harassment based on any protected characteristic. CWM will continue to support and promote equal employment opportunity, human dignity, and cultural diversity. This policy applies to all personnel matters such as compensation, benefits, transfers, Company sponsored training, education, and social and recreational programs. This commitment is made by CWM in accordance with federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations. Take part in a company that has been successful for over 100 years and is still growing - join the Coleman Team today!
Flatbed CDL-A Dedicated  Truck Drivers – Better Pay! C.R.  England is immediately hiring experienced CDL-A truck drivers for our Flatbed  Dedicated Lane. We are seeking drivers with a safe and clean record that can handle 18 wheels,  40 tons, and 400 horsepower. If that sounds anything like you, Apply Now. At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get  ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Lane* • Dedicated: customer  relationships, regular routes, and great pay • Regional: balanced home  and road life, regular routes, and great miles • National: explore the  country, competitive pay, and great miles You  Choose Your Position* • Solo • Team • Trainer • Instructor You  Get ALL the Benefits • Weekly Pay & Consistent Home Time • Health Benefits & 401k  Participation • Paid Time Off & Bonus Incentives • Unlimited Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and  Miles—Apply Now.
Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers for our Regional Lanes! If you’re looking to stay closer to home, then look no  further—a Regional Lane is right for you! As a Regional truck driver, you’ll  haul loads in an assigned area of the country and enjoy top-of-line equipment  and technology. Regional Lanes offer stable income, predictable home time, and  consistent miles. We want truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can  handle 12 Gears, 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, 80 Feet, and 400 Horsepower. If that  sounds anything like you—then Apply Now! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Position and You Get ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Position* Solo Team Trainer Instructor You Get ALL the Benefits Weekly       Pay & Consistent Home Time Health       Benefits & 401k Participation Paid       Vacation & Bonus Incentives Unlimited       Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and Miles —  Apply Now.
Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers for our Regional Lanes! If you’re looking to stay closer to home, then look no  further—a Regional Lane is right for you! As a Regional truck driver, you’ll  haul loads in an assigned area of the country and enjoy top-of-line equipment  and technology. Regional Lanes offer stable income, predictable home time, and  consistent miles. We want truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can  handle 12 Gears, 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, 80 Feet, and 400 Horsepower. If that  sounds anything like you—then Apply Now! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Position and You Get ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Position* Solo Team Trainer Instructor You Get ALL the Benefits Weekly       Pay & Consistent Home Time Health       Benefits & 401k Participation Paid       Vacation & Bonus Incentives Unlimited       Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and Miles —  Apply Now.
Flatbed CDL-A Dedicated  Truck Drivers – Better Pay! C.R.  England is immediately hiring experienced CDL-A truck drivers for our Flatbed  Dedicated Lane. We are seeking drivers with a safe and clean record that can handle 18 wheels,  40 tons, and 400 horsepower. If that sounds anything like you, Apply Now. At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get  ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Lane* • Dedicated: customer  relationships, regular routes, and great pay • Regional: balanced home  and road life, regular routes, and great miles • National: explore the  country, competitive pay, and great miles You  Choose Your Position* • Solo • Team • Trainer • Instructor You  Get ALL the Benefits • Weekly Pay & Consistent Home Time • Health Benefits & 401k  Participation • Paid Time Off & Bonus Incentives • Unlimited Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and  Miles—Apply Now.
Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers for our Regional Lanes! If you’re looking to stay closer to home, then look no  further—a Regional Lane is right for you! As a Regional truck driver, you’ll  haul loads in an assigned area of the country and enjoy top-of-line equipment  and technology. Regional Lanes offer stable income, predictable home time, and  consistent miles. We want truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can  handle 12 Gears, 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, 80 Feet, and 400 Horsepower. If that  sounds anything like you—then Apply Now! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Position and You Get ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Position* Solo Team Trainer Instructor You Get ALL the Benefits Weekly       Pay & Consistent Home Time Health       Benefits & 401k Participation Paid       Vacation & Bonus Incentives Unlimited       Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and Miles —  Apply Now.
Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers for our Regional Lanes! If you’re looking to stay closer to home, then look no  further—a Regional Lane is right for you! As a Regional truck driver, you’ll  haul loads in an assigned area of the country and enjoy top-of-line equipment  and technology. Regional Lanes offer stable income, predictable home time, and  consistent miles. We want truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can  handle 12 Gears, 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, 80 Feet, and 400 Horsepower. If that  sounds anything like you—then Apply Now! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Position and You Get ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Position* Solo Team Trainer Instructor You Get ALL the Benefits Weekly       Pay & Consistent Home Time Health       Benefits & 401k Participation Paid       Vacation & Bonus Incentives Unlimited       Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and Miles —  Apply Now.
Flatbed CDL-A Dedicated  Truck Drivers – Better Pay! C.R.  England is immediately hiring experienced CDL-A truck drivers for our Flatbed  Dedicated Lane. We are seeking drivers with a safe and clean record that can handle 18 wheels,  40 tons, and 400 horsepower. If that sounds anything like you, Apply Now. At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get  ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Lane* • Dedicated: customer  relationships, regular routes, and great pay • Regional: balanced home  and road life, regular routes, and great miles • National: explore the  country, competitive pay, and great miles You  Choose Your Position* • Solo • Team • Trainer • Instructor You  Get ALL the Benefits • Weekly Pay & Consistent Home Time • Health Benefits & 401k  Participation • Paid Time Off & Bonus Incentives • Unlimited Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and  Miles—Apply Now.
Flatbed CDL-A Dedicated  Truck Drivers – Better Pay! C.R.  England is immediately hiring experienced CDL-A truck drivers for our Flatbed  Dedicated Lane. We are seeking drivers with a safe and clean record that can handle 18 wheels,  40 tons, and 400 horsepower. If that sounds anything like you, Apply Now. At C.R. England, You Choose Your Lane, You Choose Your Position, and You Get  ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Lane* • Dedicated: customer  relationships, regular routes, and great pay • Regional: balanced home  and road life, regular routes, and great miles • National: explore the  country, competitive pay, and great miles You  Choose Your Position* • Solo • Team • Trainer • Instructor You  Get ALL the Benefits • Weekly Pay & Consistent Home Time • Health Benefits & 401k  Participation • Paid Time Off & Bonus Incentives • Unlimited Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and  Miles—Apply Now.
Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers for our Regional Lanes! If you’re looking to stay closer to home, then look no  further—a Regional Lane is right for you! As a Regional truck driver, you’ll  haul loads in an assigned area of the country and enjoy top-of-line equipment  and technology. Regional Lanes offer stable income, predictable home time, and  consistent miles. We want truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can  handle 12 Gears, 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, 80 Feet, and 400 Horsepower. If that  sounds anything like you—then Apply Now! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Position and You Get ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Position* Solo Team Trainer Instructor You Get ALL the Benefits Weekly       Pay & Consistent Home Time Health       Benefits & 401k Participation Paid       Vacation & Bonus Incentives Unlimited       Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and Miles —  Apply Now.
Hiring CDL-A Truck Drivers for our Regional Lanes! If you’re looking to stay closer to home, then look no  further—a Regional Lane is right for you! As a Regional truck driver, you’ll  haul loads in an assigned area of the country and enjoy top-of-line equipment  and technology. Regional Lanes offer stable income, predictable home time, and  consistent miles. We want truck drivers with a safe and clean record that can  handle 12 Gears, 18 Wheels, 40 Tons, 80 Feet, and 400 Horsepower. If that  sounds anything like you—then Apply Now! At C.R. England, You Choose Your Position and You Get ALL the Benefits! You Choose Your Position* Solo Team Trainer Instructor You Get ALL the Benefits Weekly       Pay & Consistent Home Time Health       Benefits & 401k Participation Paid       Vacation & Bonus Incentives Unlimited       Cash Referral Program Better Pay, Home Time, and Miles —  Apply Now.
CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL) is a premier network solutions provider and trusted partner to our customers. As part of our recent acquisition of Level 3 Communications, our portfolio has expanded. More customers. More network. More locations. More opportunities for you. With a global presence in 60 countries, service to more than 350 metro areas domestically, and more than 200,000 miles of fiber; CenturyLink is going places.  At CenturyLink, we believe in growth and innovation, for our customers and our employees. Discover how CenturyLink can expand your potential and take your career to new places if you're looking to join a company that celebrates diversity and creativity, with industry-leading benefits and commitment to employee advancement.  We're committed to bringing great talent to our team to help us change the world. One network connection at a time. Job Summary We are in the process of filling open positions for the combined company following CenturyLink's acquisition of Level 3 Communications. All qualified candidates who express interest by submitting an application to an open posting will be considered. However, based on business needs, preference may be given to internal applicants on certain positions. We still welcome, and encourage, all application submissions while we continue our integration process. Internal applicants are current, active CenturyLink employees, including Level 3 employees who have transitioned to CenturyLink as part of the acquisition. Job Description Responsible for sales account development within an established geographic territory for a complex suite of services and robust product sets to drive sales, increase brand awareness, and grow a specific territory. Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Experience in solution selling IP, data, and voice network services. Experience in hunting, prospecting, and new account development. Experience with Salesforce.com preferred. Strong communication, written, and formal presentation skills as well as ability in selling to the close. Self-motivated, pro-active, results-oriented professional with an ability to work with minimum direction. Proficient in MS office products: Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Requires at least 50% or more of time conducting sales activities outside of the office. Essential Duties After winning new business, manages customer relationships in order to gain strategic positioning with decision makers, retain existing revenue and obtain additional business. Qualifications Preferred Education, Skills and Experience Experience: 2+ yrs Education Level: Bachelor's Degree Field Of Study: Business, Marketing, Sales or similar Attention to detail with good organizational capabilities. Ability to prioritize with good time management skills. Education Alternate Location: US-Alabama-Birmingham Requisition # : 192109 This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/ EEO Statement We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, "protected statuses").  We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training. Disclaimer The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.  Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions. Job Segment: Account Manager, Outside Sales, Manager, Marketing Manager, Sales, Management, Marketing
Time for a Job Change? Make more of yourself and for yourself: if you are considering a job change and want a professional career, choose the transportation industry. Roehl Transport will pay you to get your CDL & earn a great a living as a professional truck driver. Trucking companies across America advertise for free truck driver training. Roehl will pay you and train you while you get your CDL, the license you need to drive a commercial motor vehicle. Roehl drivers are on track to make $60,000+! Here are the basics of the program: Training to obtain your CDL is part of the job. You are hired and paid as an employee on day 1. You'll be paid $500 a week while you get your CDL. Your CDL training is four weeks and is available in multiple locations. After you have your CDL, you'll continue your on-the-job training as a long haul truck driver. If you were to go to a CDL school, you would not get paid while you are training AND you'd have to come up with the tuition for the school. We're a stable company that provides full benefits - we invest in you. Where does training take place? We have multiple locations available. Roehl Transport Marshfield Headquarters 1916 E. 29th Street Marshfield, WI  54449 Roehl Transport Appleton Terminal 6915 County Rd BB Neenah, WI 54956 Roehl Transport Atlanta Terminal 4215 Bowman Industrial Ct. Conley, GA  30288 Roehl Transport Chicago Area Terminal 6700 W. 15th Ave. Gary, IN  46406-2206 We're currently accepting applications for these opportunities. Roehl's been training truck drivers for over twenty-five years, and we've been in business for over 50 years. How do I get started in the Get Your CDL Program? Because the demand for this popular program is so strong, we've created step-by-step instructions to help you. Please Apply Now. After that, you'll move through our learning and application process, where we ensure that you have a good understanding of the program as well as the basic qualifications and the characteristics of a truck driving job with Roehl so you can complete a thoughtful and informed application. We know how to be successful. Join our team and grow with us! Roehl Transport Paid CDL Training and Truck Driver
DescriptionPosition Summary:Perform minor component repair and all aspects of preventative maintenance on the newest and best maintained fleet of power, refrigerated and non-powered truck and trailer equipment in the industry.  Must be able to work 2nd shift and weekend day. At least one year recent hands on experience in auto/diesel/heavy equipment.We have industry leading vehicle maintenance and repair technology, tools and experts in the maintenance field and industry.   You will receive state of the art training each year on a variety of OEM equipment.  Many of our technicians have been trained and certified through Penske’s Technician Certification Program which is ASE (Automotive Service Excellence) certified as a CASE (Continuing Automotive Service Education) provider.Major Responsibilities:-Vehicle component lubrication and replacement-Electrical system repairs-Cooling system maintenance-Perform basic vehicle diagnostics  Benefits:Penske values the well-being of our employees and their families. That’s why we offer competitive wages and a wide range of benefits, including medical and dental insurance, prescription drug card, 401K and pension plans, flexible dependent care and medical spending accounts, spouse and child life insurance, employee referral bonus, and discounts with Penske partners.  Qualifications- 1-2 years of automotive or diesel experience preferred- High school diploma or equivalent required- Vocational or Technical certification preferred- Working knowledge in the use of hand tools required- A valid driver’s license is required, and, must either possess a CDL or have the ability to obtain a CDL license required- Must have a Positive attitude and willingness to grow in position- Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems.- Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job - Willingness to travel within district (close geographical area), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a reference verification (to include past employment and education) are required.Physical Requirements:-The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.-The associate will be required to remember and understand certain instructions, guidelines or other information.  The associate must be able to see and verbally communicate.  Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.-While performing the duties of this job, the associate will be required to move frequently, stand, walk, and sit.  The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms.  The associate must be able to regularly lift and/or move up to 50lbs/23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg.Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer.About Penske Truck LeasingPenske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more.
DescriptionPosition Summary: Penske Technician II will generally assist in the repair and diagnosis of major components or remove/replace major components of various truck and trailer equipment at the direction of Lead Technician or Maintenance Supervisor. Expectations include the ability to diagnose and repair the following with little or no supervision: Clutches, PTO Systems, Electric Systems, Hydraulic/ Air Brake systems, Heating/ Air Conditioning Systems, Instruments and Gauges, and Preventive Maintenance Service.Must be able to work afternoons/evening/weekends if required. Five years recent hands on experience in diesel/heavy equipment required.Major Responsibilities:  - Demonstrate proficiency in the repair and diagnosis of - with some assistance: Engines (gas and diesel), Power train to include differentials, transmissions, clutches, drive shafts, PTO's and wheel ends, Electrical systems including starters and alternators, HVAC systems, Steering systems, Electronics to include ECM's, ECU's, sensors etc., Engine bolt on items such as turbos, fan clutches, injectors, cooling system etc., Brake systems including ABS, Suspension systems (spring and air)- Perform mechanical and general appearance reconditioning of equipment for "trade-ins" and prepare new equipment for delivery.- Identify and determine parts required for repair of disassembled units- Perform all levels of preventive maintenance services on truck and trailer equipment- Identify warrantable repairs and document on repair order- Maintain work area appearance and safety- Road test Vehicles when necessary to diagnose malfunctions or to ensure that they are working properly.- Use hand tools such as screwdrivers, pliers, wrenches, pressure gauges, and precision instruments, as well as power tools such as pneumatic wrenches, welding equipment, and jacks and hoists.- Inspect brake systems, steering mechanisms, wheel bearings, and other important parts to ensure that they are in proper operating condition.- Perform routine maintenance such as changing oil, checking batteries, and lubricating equipment and machinery.- Adjust and replace brakes, tighten bolts and screws, and reassemble equipment.- Raise trucks, buses, and heavy parts or equipment using hydraulic jacks or hoists.- Inspect, test, and listen to defective equipment to diagnose malfunctions, using test instruments such as handheld computers, motor analyzers, chassis charts, and pressure gauges.- Examine and adjust protective guards, loose bolts, and specified safety devices.Inspect and verify dimensions and clearances of parts to ensure conformance to factory specifications.- Specialize in repairing and troubleshooting of major components such as engine, transmissions and differentials, to include replacing complete assemblies, turbochargers, fuel system components etc.- Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisorQualifications- 2-4 years practical experience with tractor trailer maintenance required- High school diploma or equivalent required- Vocational/Technical or certification preferred- Specialized training in the repair and replacement of vehicle components preferred- Proficiency in the use of shop tools required- A valid drivers license is required- Current CDL license with air brake certification preferred, willingness to acquire CDL if you do not have one.- Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems.- Ability to work in non-climate controlled conditions required- Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job.- Willingness to travel as necessary within the district (customers yards, close geographical area and training sites), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required.Physical Requirements:-The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.-The associate will be required to remember and understand certain instructions, guidelines or other information.  The associate must be able to see and verbally communicate.  Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.-While performing the duties of this job, the associate will be required to move frequently, stand, walk, and sit.  The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms.  The associate must be able to regularly lift and/or move up to 50lbs/23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg.Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer.About Penske Truck LeasingPenske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more.
DescriptionPosition Summary: A Penske Technician I will diagnose, adjust, and repair all series of motor truck and trailer equipment including, but not limited to the following: Engines (gas and diesel), Electrical/Brake/Cooling Systems, Transmissions (manual and automatic), Clutches, Differentials/Power dividers, PTO systems, Starters/Alternators, Refrigeration systems, Air conditioning systems (including cold and hot units), Fan clutches, Engine electronics (gas/diesel), Power steering systems, and Steering gear box (manual and power).Must be able to work afternoon/evening/weekends if required.Five years recent hands on experience in diesel/heavy equipment required.Major Responsibilities:  - Perform all levels of preventive maintenance services on truck and trailer equipment.- Identify warrantable repairs and document on repair order- Maintain work area appearance and safety- Road test vehicles when necessary to diagnose malfunctions or to ensure that they are working properly.- Perform duties with little or no supervision and in a timely and efficient manner- Use hand tools such as screwdrivers, pliers, wrenches, pressure gauges, and precision instruments, as well as power tools such as pneumatic wrenches, welding equipment, and jacks and hoists.- Inspect brake systems, steering mechanisms, wheel bearings, and other important parts to ensure that they are in proper operating condition.- Perform routine maintenance such as changing oil, checking batteries, and lubricating equipment and machinery.- Adjust and replace brake, tighten bolts and screws, and reassemble equipment.- Raise trucks, buses, and heavy parts or equipment using hydraulic jacks or hoists.- Inspect, test, and listen to defective equipment to diagnose malfunctions, using test instruments such as handheld computers, motor analyzers, chassis charts, and pressure gauges.- Examine and adjust protective guards, loose bolts, and specified safety devices.- Inspect and verify dimensions and clearances of parts to ensure conformance to factory specifications.- Specialize in repairing and troubleshooting of major components such as engine, transmissions and differentials, to include replacing complete assemblies, turbochargers, fuel system components etc.- Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisorQualifications- 6 years practical experience with tractor trailer maintenance required- High school diploma or equivalent required- Vocational/Technical or certification preferred- Specialized training and experience in the diagnosis/troubleshooting of major components (engines, transmissions, differentials), OEM training courses, ASE Certification, and 608/609 certifications preferred- Proficiency in the use of all tools of trade (including welding equipment, diagnostic equipment, hand and power tools) required- A valid drivers license is required- Current CDL license with air brake certification preferred, willingness to acquire CDL if you do not have one.- Basic computer skills preferred for data entry into maintenance systems.- Ability to work in non-climate controlled conditions required- Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job.- Willingness to travel as necessary within the district (customers yards, close geographical area and training sites), work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required.Physical Requirements:-The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.-The associate will be required to remember and understand certain instructions, guidelines or other information.  The associate must be able to see and verbally communicate.  Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.-While performing the duties of this job, the associate will be required to move frequently, stand, walk, and sit.  The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms.  The associate must be able to regularly lift and/or move up to 50lbs/23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg.Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer.About Penske Truck LeasingPenske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more.
DescriptionPosition Summary:Penske is widely known for its success on the racetrack, but did you know we employ thousands of truck drivers? Join our team of professional truck drivers at Penske Logistics and you’ll drive like a champion hauling freight for some of the world’s best brands in retail, food, beverage, grocery, foodservice, automotive, manufacturing, electronics, appliances, healthcare, and packaging industries. We manage freight for companies like Ford, GM, BMW, Detroit Diesel, Goodyear, Cardinal Health, Whirlpool, and Wawa. Our professional truck drivers ensure products are delivered safely, efficiently and on-time.Why Penske? Home daily for most positions. Excellent pay and benefits. Superior trucks and 24/7 roadside support. Dedicated accounts. Great supervisors.  Paid time off. 401K. Cash balance pension plan. Training. Tuition Reimbursement. Unlimited career potential.Route/Activity – Truck drivers are responsible for delivering product to customers. Local travel. Mon/Wed Anniston Gadsden area/Tues/Fri Columbus Ga, Thursday - Montgomery. This is for a causal driver for vacation and backhaul backup. Average 20 to 40 hours.Shift – Varies, but typically day shift starting at 3 a.m. Route activity is Monday/Wed Tues/Thurs Fri. Equipment – 48’ & 53’ Dry Van TrailersCompensation – $17.50 an hourResponsibilities:-Loading, unloading, or assisting in loading and unloading truck.-Safe and responsible operation of assigned equipment.-Ensuring compliance with applicable federal and/or state laws, regulations, and/or agency rules, standards and guidelines.-Report vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage before and after route.-Primary interface with the customer at point of delivery. QualificationsJob Qualifications:-At least 23 years of age-CDL Class A license required-2 years of verifiable tractor-trailer driving experience in the last 5 years-3 years DMV/MVR record with two or fewer moving violations/accidents-Reliable and customer oriented-Safety oriented-Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job-Willingness to travel as necessary, work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening required.Physical Requirements:-The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.-The associate must be able to see and hear.  Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.-While performing the duties of this job, the associate will be required to move frequently, stand, walk, and sit.  The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to regularly lift and/or move up to 50lbs/23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg.-The associate must be able to legally operate a motor vehicle and safely and frequently enter/exit the vehicle as well as the rear cargo area.Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer.About Penske LogisticsPenske Logistics is a wholly owned subsidiary of Penske Truck Leasing. With operations in North America, South America, Europe and Asia, Penske Logistics provides supply chain management and logistics services to leading companies around the world. Penske Logistics delivers value through its design, planning and execution in transportation, warehousing and freight management. Visit www.PenskeLogistics.com to learn more.
JOB DESCRIPTION Travel Registered Nurse RN Operating Room OR Location: BIRMINGHAM,        Alabama Shift: 05:30 AM To 03:30 PM Start Date: 6/26/2018 Speciality: RN - OR - OPERATING ROOM Occupation Category: 29-2055.00 - Surgical Technologists Desctiption: We. Are. OneStaff. Medical. An independently-owned, nationally-recognized and amazingly awesome staffing firm ready to work for you!                               A work ethic forged in the Midwest, we’re here to stand by your side and help you find your dream assignment anywhere in this great country.                               We want the same like-minded, awesome candidates to travel with us. Be bold. Enjoy work again. Let us help. Now back to what you’re here for; we’re looking for a Travel Registered Nurse RN Operating Room OR to join our family, and well, that’s you! So check this out… The Operating Room (OR) Nurse will provide care for patients before, during and after surgery. They will also, educate the patient, circulating nurse and/or scrub nurse, and potentially RN first assistant or operating room director. Experience Requirements: Minimum 1 year of current work experience in Travel Registered Nurse RN Operating Room OR Alabama state Healthcare Provider license or willing to obtain This position may require one or more of these certifications: BLS, ACLS & possibly others Benefits: Are you in? Do we need to further convince you why OneStaff Medical is your ideal travel partner? How about: A dedicated expert (our recruiter) to be by your side 24/7; every step of the process, and to ensure you get exactly what you are looking for! All the good stuff like; Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance & 401K Dream assignments, with guaranteed hours, all across the country; from sunny California, down to sun-kissed Florida, we got ‘em! Travel reimbursement as part of your weekly pay! Licensure and certification reimbursement to our return travelers, when needed for new assignments! Some hot-hot-hot referral bonuses! (uh hum, so travel w/ an amigo(a) and get paid $500!) …and FREE super soft premium scrubs through our partners, FIGs scrubs, to all of our loyal return nurses! Are you in? Do you love to travel, and this sounds like an ideal fit? Stop thinking. Do it. Let’s dance! Apply now. If you have any questions or would like to discuss a particular position please feel free to call a recruiter at 1-877-783-1483 or email           info@onestaffmedical.com Date Posted:6/19/2018 Contract
Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran Waste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength.  WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects. Being number one means WM invests in our Sales teams’ success by providing access to state-of-the-art systems and processes, industry-leading services and the best leadership in the business.  Our exceptional sales professionals help deliver satisfaction to our clients throughout North America. If you are passionate about helping others and seeking challenging and interesting employment, apply today! Territory Based in Birmingham, AL, but will cover the entire state of AL. I.  Job Summary Generates profitable new account revenue by leading team of field sales people. Assists in developing and executing the Market Area’s Sales and Marketing Plan in order to achieve revenue goals for the Outside Sales channel. Identifies, qualifies and ranks prospects and assigns selling responsibility to the appropriate Outside Sales Representative (OSR) or Account Manager (AM). II.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  Other minor duties may be assigned. •	Maintains and reinforces the corporate sales strategy and design with the Outside Sales Team. •	Establishes and maintains a high level of customer satisfaction.  Communicates to and works with Market Area Management to resolve unique prospective customer issues. •	Demonstrates outstanding management and customer service skills to motivate sales team members. •	Maintains an ongoing training, coaching and mentoring program in order to develop the skills of our sales representatives. •	Supervises activities of our sales representatives and ensures that team members meet or exceed sales call activity, sales pipeline growth, and new sales revenue. •	Effectively manages, maintains and ensures the use of Waste Management sales tools (i.e. Prospect Management, Proposal Program, Pricing Tools, etc.). Ensures entire Outside Sales Team is well trained in the use of these tools. •	Provides expert industry knowledge and interpretation our sales representatives and customers. •	Assists in the communication and maintenance of the Market Area’s pricing and service strategies. •	Interviews and selects qualified candidates for open positions. III.  Supervisory Responsibilities The highest level of supervisory skills required in this job is the management of supervisory employees.  This includes: •	Direct supervision of 12 full-time employees, including Outside Sales Reps, Account Managers, Territory Managers, and Major Account Managers. IV.  Qualifications The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job. A.  Education and Experience Education: Bachelor's Degree (accredited) or in lieu of degree, High School Diploma or GED (accredited) and 4 years of relevant work experience. Experience: 3 years of work experience (in addition to education requirement), in direct business-to-business sales, business-to-business cold calling, and phone based business-to-business prospecting resulting in successfully obtaining customer appointments. Internal requirements include 3-years proven success in a Level 4-6 sales position. This is a management position. Placement into or advancement to this position is dependent upon individual performance, local market conditions and/or district's requirements. This position is eligible to participate in sales compensation and recognition programs upon successful completion of training prerequisites and Market Area management approval. B.  Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements None required. C. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required Candidates must be able to: build relationships, communicate with impact, demonstrate adaptability, think analytically, demonstrate integrity and courage, demonstrate professionalism, demonstrate leadership/coaching, initiate action, produce results, think strategically, focus on customers, gain commitment, influence and negotiate, leverage diversity, manage work/time, plan and organize, and use ethical practices. V.  Work Environment Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Normal setting for this job is: office setting and/or outside sales. Benefits At Waste Management, each eligible employee receives a competitive total compensation package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability.  As well as a Stock Purchase Plan, Company match on 401K, and more!  Our employees also receive Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days.  Please note that benefits may vary by site. If this sounds like the opportunity that you have been looking for, please click "Apply.” I understand that applying to this job indicates that I have the legal right to work in the United States. I agree to perform physical duties of  this position as outlined in the job with or without reasonable accommodations.  I understand that if offered the position, I will be required to pass a drug screen. 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6 95d357bd-11e1-47f3-ad9c-efd92ea880c6
Summary Part Time Event Specialist . Are you outgoing and enjoy interacting with people? If promoting brand awareness through product demonstration sounds appealing, then Advantage Solutions’ Part Time Job is the right fit for you! We are looking for Brand Ambassadors who will engage customers by promoting products to increase sales. If you have experience in food services, retail, and/or customer service or simply enjoy interacting with customers, then we want to hear from you! Things to consider: Shifts are generally 12:30pm – 6:30pm Thursday, Friday and Sunday and 10:30am – 4:30pm on Saturdays. Based on location, there may be availability for extra shifts throughout the week Competitive pay rates Take this opportunity to join Advantage Solutions, North America’s leading business solutions provider to manufactures and retailers, where you will help build your career working with amazing people and earn competitive pay rates! Apply today! What We Offer: Part Time Benefits (Dental and Vision) 401(K) with company match Vacation Time Paid Training and ongoing career development What You’ll Do: Interact in a friendly, enthusiastic, and outgoing manner with management and customers. Generate brand awareness and positive product impressions to increase sales. Assess customers’ needs and interests in order to best recommend products. Set up, break down, product preparation and sampling during in-store demonstrations. Timely completion of all call reports, paperwork, and on-going training by required deadlines Qualifications: High School Diploma preferred or equivalent job-related experience Sales and/or customer service experience preferred Must be available Friday - Sunday Daily Internet/email access and/or smartphone required Background check required Stand comfortably for up to 6 hours a day. Advantage Solutions is one of North America’s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. Advantage Solutions services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today. Advantage Sales and Marketing, LLC dba Advantage Solutions is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Responsibilities Advantage Sales and Marketing, LLC dba Advantage Solutions is one of North America’s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. Advantage Solutions services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today. Position Summary The Event Specialist generates excitement, customer engagement, brand awareness, and increased product sales through conducting event demonstrations.  The Event Specialist is responsible for physically preparing, maintaining, and cleaning the demonstration area (including physically assembling and otherwise setting up and later breaking down the demonstration cart); actively marketing the product being demonstrated by physically approaching nearby shoppers to gain their attention and interest; preparing (e.g., cooking) and providing food or beverage samples or otherwise demonstrating the product to those shoppers who are successfully drawn in; and reading program materials as assigned to be able to conduct informed product-related discussions with consumers. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities Conduct demo event for approximately 5 ¾ hours Get out in front of and move around cart area to approach customers within 10 feet of cart Engage customers in a professional and memorable manner which generates enthusiasm for the product and the event and helps create a positive shopper experience Educate the consumer about the products, create brand awareness, and drive product sales Prepare product samples using demo equipment such as sharp knives, cooking appliances, and other food preparation tools Offer product samples to consumers Keep cart adequately stocked with samples, ingredients, and products for purchase, obtaining items from locations throughout the store as needed Maintain the area surrounding the demo in a safe and clean condition Set up event within approximately 15 minute period Push cart weighing up to 52-74 lbs. a distance of 150-300 feet from storage area to event execution area Carry appliances/equipment weighing up to 20 lbs. a distance of 5-10 feet Retrieves product and supplies (requires lifting up to 20 lbs., reaching overhead; and carrying up to 20 lbs, up to 40 lbs at some locations, for a distance of 5 feet) Assemble cart and construct/set-up/display Point of Purchase materials, insert price signs, display product information, and lift signs up to 5 lbs. Set up and display product/materials on cart Break down and clean up event within approximately 15 minute period Clean-up and sanitize cart Disassemble cart Push cart weighing up to 52-74 lbs. a distance of 150-300 feet from event execution area to storage area Return appliances/equipment by carrying items weighing up to 20 lbs. a distance of 5-10 feet Wash utensils and cookware Perform administrative work Study product materials to develop product knowledge Review event schedule Complete call reports Attend trainings Check voice mails and emails Participate in scheduled calls with Supervisor/others as needed Supervisory Responsibilities Direct Reports This position does not have supervisory responsibilities for direct reports Indirect Reports This position does not have guidance or mentoring responsibilities for indirect reports Travel and/or Driving Requirements Travel and Driving are not essential duties or functions of this job Minimum Qualifications Education Level: (Required): High School Diploma or GED o r equivalent experience Significant experience in event marketing, demonstrations, sales or retail/grocery is highly desirable Skills, Knowledge and Abilities Strong verbal communication skills Reading comprehension Active listening Ability to understand and apply new information, procedures or principles to perform job duties Ability to understand and follow specific instructions and procedures Ability to complete multiple duties with accuracy shifting form one to another with frequent interruptions Time management Detail orientation Basic computer skills to enter and locate information, including familiarity with Word, Excel and Internet usage Teamwork Excellent customer service orientation Dependability Drive/Initiative Positive demeanor Sales orientation Flexible and adaptable, able to change and alter according to changes in projects or business environment Willingness to uphold ethical standards, laws and company policies and procedures Knowledge of ASM demo guidelines related to selling, preparing samples, and safety Ability to use demo preparation and cooking equipment such as small countertop appliances, utensils and thermometers Knowledge of food safety policies and procedures Ability to stand for extended periods of time Ability to move throughout demo area to engage the customer Ability to move to locate products and supplies Ability to visually locate merchandise and other objects Other Requirements Execute demonstrations on scheduled date and time (subject to any schedule adjustments necessary to properly complete set up and break down or as otherwise modified by ASM management) Stand for up to 6 hours (other than legally required breaks/meal periods) and actively move around store up to a distance of about ½ mile to obtain, set up, and clean up demonstration cart and related equipment/materials; obtain product from shelves; conduct demonstration event May need to pass online Food Safety certification (all training hours will be paid for by the Company) Certain product demonstrations may require specialized talent, experience, expertise, skills, knowledge, certification, or duties in order to be eligible to conduct a particular event.  If an associate does not satisfy the particular requirements for the specialized event, he/she would remain eligible for the standard, non-specialized events otherwise available to all associates in the position (to the extent such positions are available).  Examples of the talent, experience, expertise, skills, knowledge, certification, or duties which may be required to conduct a specialized event include (without limitation):  ability to satisfy requirements necessary to conduct product demonstrations involving alcoholic beverages; Food Safety Certification; Responsible Alcohol Server Certification; video game /other consumer electronics knowledge, skills, and experience Reliable access to a computer and a phone on a daily basis Satisfactory completion of background check/drug testing subject to applicable law Must perform the job safely and utilize proper safety techniques and use of equipment when appropriate. Ability to be flexible and willing to work extended hours when necessary Environmental & Physical Requirements Incumbent must be able to perform the essential functions of the job. Work is performed in a retail in-store environment. Typically requires the ability to spend 66%+ hours each work day doing the following activities:  engage in considerable physical activity, ability to lift and/or push up to 74 pounds, stand on feet for long periods of time, use products or cook food as appropriate for the demonstration, and may be required to work in extremely cold conditions (i.e. refrigerated and freezer sections). The use of proper safety practices when handling the products and/or cooking is essential. A detailed Environmental and Physical Requirements document is available in the Total Rewards department. Additional Information Regarding Advantage Solutions Job Duties and Job Descriptions Job duties include additional responsibilities as assigned by one’s supervisor or other manager related to the position/department. This job description is meant to describe the general nature and level of work being performed; it is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for the position. Advantage Solutions reserves the right at any time with or without notice to alter or change job responsibilities, reassign or transfer job position or assign additional job responsibilities, subject to applicable law.  Advantage Solutions shall provide reasonable accommodations of known disabilities to enable a qualified applicant or employee to apply for employment, perform the essential functions of the job, or enjoy the benefits and privileges of employment as required by the law. Any estimate, schedule, or guideline provided to associates in this job description or elsewhere in connection with their jobs is only intended to help describe job duties and for planning purposes.  Regardless of any such estimate, schedule, or guideline, associates must always record all time worked for our company (which includes but is not limited to on-site work time in an assigned store, office, or other work location; required waiting time; administrative time; and work-related travel time). Important Information The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of associates so classified. Are you passionate about Service Excellence, Results, Integrity, Entrepreneurial Focus and Leadership: These are our values at Advantage Solutions. Come learn why “Winning Together” is more than just words on a piece of paper. It is the vision by which we live our mission as an organization: "To create outstanding value for clients and customers through superior sales execution, operational excellence and innovative marketing services." Advantage Solutions is committed to providing equal opportunity in all employment practices without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, religion, physical or mental disability, or any other category protected by law. As part of this commitment, Advantage Solutions shall provide reasonable accommodations of known disabilities to enable an applicant or employee to apply for employment, perform the essential functions of the job, or enjoy the benefits and privileges of employment as required by the law. Advantage Solutions will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.  All of our positions require the satisfactory completion of a background check. Please be aware that acknowledging or having criminal convictions does not constitute an automatic bar to employment.  Factors including, but not limited to age and time of the offense, seriousness and nature of the violation, and rehabilitation will be taken into account.
Regional Manager: Alabama & Chattanooga, TN WWW.SUPERIORWASHSOUTHEAST.COM Superior Wash Southeast is an established, mobile truck-washing company that has been in business for over 12 years. This family-owned company is experiencing significant growth and is currently searching for the right leader to take our Western Region to the next level! Core Responsibilities ● Manage overall operations in the following Superior Wash Offices: ❏ Birmingham, AL ❏ Montgomery, AL ❏ Chattanooga, TN ● Leadership : Manage overall Team Member performance and behavior ○ Ability to Set Goals, Encourage, and Reprimand as needed ○ Conduct monthly team meetings to motivate, challenge and cast vision ○ Hold all Team Members accountable to expectations and company policies ● Organization : Manage time effectively, keep shop and work vehicles clean and organized ○ Perform weekly office report detailing performance and planning for future ○ Use Expensify to submit all receipts for company purchases ● Efficiency : Review & verify timesheets, work orders & team results/performance ○ Track and monitor Parts/Chemical usage, labor %, etc. ○ Make parts & chemical orders routinely to maintain inventory stock ● Scheduling : Produce weekly work schedule for team each week (includes Team Member and client schedule’s) ● Communication : Communicate responsively and regularly with Team Members, Clients, and Corporate Team, via emails, calls, & text messages ○ Conduct client visits to ensure the happiness of our clients ● Orientation : Assist in orientation process for all new Team Members ○ Scheduling of drug tests, orientation, training ● Recruiting : Recruit potential team members & conduct phone interviews ○ Assist in scheduling of on-site interviews & conducting on-site interviews ○ Ensure all proper documentation is submitted to corporate by set deadlines ● Maintenance : perform weekly maintenance on pressure washers and equipment ○ Perform weekly vehicle inspections and maintenance as needed ★ Above responsibilities are not all inclusive, additional responsibilities may be required Position Requirements ● 3+ years of MANAGEMENT experience ( REQUIRED ) ● Bilingual – fluent in Spanish & English (Recommended, NOT required ) ● 3-5 years of relevant work experience ● Valid Driver’s license with clean record [No DUI, Reckless Driving, Suspension, etc] ● High school diploma or equivalent (college degree beneficial) ● Excellent communication skills ● Must live in Birmingham, AL ● Ability to Lead and Motivate people ● Highly organized ● Detail oriented ● Delegation and follow up skills ● Excellent computer and literacy skills - Google Drive and Microsoft Office Attributes ● Highly Competitive ● Strong work ethic – “whatever it takes” mentality ● Self-motivated with a desire to grow ● Willingness to learn and a desire for constructive criticism ● A flexible and adaptable work approach ● Passion for developing yourself and investing others ● Professional approach at all times ● Team player Compensation ● $45,000-$50,000 per year depending on qualifications (with opportunity to earn performance based bonuses after 6 months) Check out our website to see a short promo video about our company and service! www.SuperiorWashSouthEast.com
Seeking a full time IOT Engineer - Embedded to support Duties and Responsibilities: •Design software of embedded devices and systems from requirements to production and commercial deployment Interface with hardware manufacturers, suppliers •Identify Bill of Material Provide technical requirements and guidance for hardware design •Hands-on code and design firmware •Analyze and enhance efficiency, stability and scalability of system resources •Support software QA and optimize I/O performance Provide post production support Soft skills: •Great customer-facing and consultative skills •High flexibility, adaptable to different situations Demonstrate sustained initiative, proven ability to work independently and take on complex tasks with minimal direction Solid creativity and innovation •Ability to understand issues and take appropriate action Qualifications: Education and Years of Experience: •Bachelor degree in Information Systems or other relevant degree or equivalent industry experience Required Skills/Certifications: Experience: Embedded Development: At least 5 years of solid programming experience in C or C++ Strong skills in C or C++ development for 16/32 bit micro controllers, along with some knowledge of Assembly Experience in embedded architecture and system definition of complex multiprocessor systems Proven experience in embedded systems design with pre-emptive, multitasking real-time operating systems Excellent knowledge of OS coding techniques, IP protocols, interfaces and hardware subsystems Adequate knowledge of reading schematics and data sheets for components Knowledge on CAN, LIN and OBD-II Experience with AutoSAR and/or dSpace's System Desk Experience with Hard Real-time embedded applications Experience with tools such as CANalyzer, CANoe, CANape, vFLASH Strong experience working in multi-disciplinary teams Full software development life cycle experience, including tasks such as requirements generation, design reviews, implementation and validation of design. Desired Experience: JAVA, OSGI Framework, MQTT,LQM2M, OMA DM, Apache KAFKA Database: MYSQL, MongoDB, Redis OS: Linux
Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc. has an immediate opening for a Network Engineer for a position located in Birmingham, AL. Qualified individuals will be responsible for designing, testing, evaluating and recommending changes to networks to improve overall reliability, efficiency and security. REQUIREMENTS and RESPONSIBILITIES Minimum of seven (7) years of LAN/WAN experience Strong knowledge of CISCO routers and switches Experience with network monitoring tools such as Solarwinds, Spectrum, Spiceworks, Nagios Experience with network routing protocols BGP, OSF, EIGRP, RIP2, TCP/IP Experience with network security including white/black lists, router configurations, routing Ability to interface with users, consultants, technical teams, and vendors for optimal network efficiency Ability to install, update and upgrade network appliances and system software Provide expertise in security management Bachelor of Computer Science degree, equivalent experience or other certification. CCNA, CCNP Certifications preferred US Citizenship of Green Card Third party candidates need not apply To view all open positions, visit www.precisionresources.org/careers Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is one of the fastest growing consulting and recruiting firms providing top-tier Information Technology professionals in the southeast. Our IT Consulting and Recruitment Division is strengthened with our ability to match talented and experienced Information Technology professionals to the unique business needs of our clients. Our team-based approach allows us to combine our experiences in the IT industry to develop effective, customized solutions quickly and efficiently. Since we focus on building long-term relationships, we are always striving to provide higher quality service and produce better results. We have become a strategic partner for Fortune 500 firms as well as small to medium sized companies because of the ability to quickly develop effective, customized solutions for time-sensitive initiatives for our clients.  From contract and consulting, to contract to hire and permanent placement, Precision Resources has a solution to meet your needs.
Precision Resources, a division of The Trimarc Group Inc., is currently seeking an experienced Microsoft Engineer to join a client in Birmingham, Alabama. This is a permanent opportunity with a growing organization and will come with the full suite of benefits (healthcare, vacation, etc.). Salary for this position will range from $75K to $80K – depending upon experience. Position Summary: This position will be reporting to the VP of Engineering and will be responsible for serving as the hands-on subject matter expert for the design, implementation of Microsoft Business Applications. The chosen individual will work, proactively and in a lead capacity, to design, implement and support secure solutions utilizing various technologies and products. Primary support for Active Directory. Implement and maintain security best practices. Work closely with other IT support areas providing assistance. Position Requirements: Qualified candidates will have previous experience designing, implementing, configuring and troubleshooting Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange. Active Directory – including environments with multiple domain controllers in a multi-site configuration. Exchange – including environments with multiple Exchange Servers in a database availability group with highly available databases. Microsoft Certification(s): Microsoft Certified IT Professional [MCITP] (2007 – 2012); Server Administrator OR Enterprise Administrator Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate [MCSA] (2012 – Current); Windows Server (2012/2016), Dynamics OR Office 365. Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert [MCSE] (2012 – Current); Messaging, Private Cloud, Data Platform OR Server Infrastructure. For a current listing of all of our positions, please visit: http://www.precisionresources.org/careers/ Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is one of the fastest growing consulting and recruiting firms providing top-tier Information Technology professionals in the southeast. Our IT Consulting and Recruitment Division is strengthened with our ability to match talented & experienced Information Technology professionals to the unique business needs of our clients. Our team-based approach allows us to combine our experiences in the IT industry to develop effective, customized solutions quickly and efficiently. Since we focus on building long-term relationships, we are always striving to provide higher quality service and produce better results. We have become a strategic partner for Fortune 500 firms as well as small to medium sized companies because of the ability to quickly develop effective, customized solutions for time-sensitive initiatives for our clients. From contract and consulting, to contract to hire and permanent placement, Precision Resources has a solution to meet your needs.
Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is currently recruiting for a Senior Software Engineer for a permanent position with one of our clients in Birmingham, AL. The individual will be responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of business applications. Compensation $80K to $90K depending upon experience BUZZWORDS: Java, J2EE, C#, C++, Web Development, JavaScript, Web Services, Oracle, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS Responsibilities: Designs and develops software applications and model relational databases both independently as well as in a team on complex systems. Utilizes Java, J2EE, JavaScript, Spring, C#, C/C++, Hibernate, Tibco (AMX, BW, BE), Web services, Subversion, Jenkins, Oracle11g, SQL, iPlanet and/or JBOSS webserver and markup languages such as HTML, CSS, XML, JSON. Writes unit tests and performs integration testing to ensure high application quality that meets business requirements. Understands and analyzes functional, non-functional and business requirements to gather and communicate business information flows. Requirements: Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or a related area of study. Four or more years of experience in a position performing software development. Understanding of Object Oriented Concepts and Software Development Life Cycles required. Competency in various tools and frameworks used by Infinity specified for the position such as Microsoft Visual C++,Visual Basic, Source Safe, Eclipse, Struts, JSF, Grails, Foundations. Proven record of new application development with minimal mentoring and supervision. Must have US Citizenship or Green Card Third party candidates will not be considered. For a current listing of all of our positions, please visit http://www.precisionresources.org/careers/ Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is one of the fastest growing consulting and recruiting firms providing top-tier Information Technology in the southeast. Our IT Consulting and Recruitment Division is strengthened with our ability to match talented and experienced Information Technology professionals to the unique business needs of our clients. Our team-based approach allows us to combine our experiences in the IT industry to develop effective, customized solutions quickly and efficiently. Since we focus on building long-term relationships, we are always striving to provide higher quality service and produce better results. We have become a strategic partner for Fortune 500 firms as well as small to medium sized companies because of the ability to quickly develop effective, customized solutions for time-sensitive initiatives for our clients.  From contract and consulting, to contract to hire and permanent placement, Precision Resources has a solution to meet your needs.
Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., has an immediate opening for Senior Cyber Security Engineer .  The qualified candidate will have 5 + years ’ experience providing technical leadership and operational support for large enterprise cyber security projects/programs .  This is a Direct Hire position in Birmingham, Al. Environment Our client offers a wonderful, fast-paced environment conducive to teamwork, learning and the advancement of the employees’ skills.   They are looking as much for the right personality, desire and drive as well as a match with the technical skills.  If you are looking to join a great organization where your thoughts, skills and hard work are appreciated, then this is the place for you! Responsibilities Serve as Cyber Security SME Identify network/security issues and craft innovative solutions Conduct risk assessments and detail appropriate solutions Be the escalation point for security response Develop documentation along with all responses Be the mentor for the rest of the cyber security team Work with management, architecture and development to assure all appropriate measures are taken to maintain highest level of network/security hardness Qualifications BS Degree in Cyber Security or years equivalent experience Minimum 5 years demonstrated experience with enterprise network and security projects Minimum 3 years of experience with enterprise level network and security projects Solid knowledge of network and security best practices Very methodic al, detail oriented and organized Candidates must have Citizenship or Green Card since client will not provide sponsorship.  Third party candidates need not apply. For a current listing of all of our positions, please visit http://www.precisionresources.org/careers/ This is a Direct-Hire Position so all candidates must be Citizens or Green Card Holders.  Salary is commensurate with experience. Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is one of the fastest growing consulting and recruiting firms providing top-tier Information Technology professionals in the southeast. Our IT Consulting and Recruitment Division is strengthened with our ability to match talented and experienced Information Technology professionals to the unique business needs of our clients. Our team-based approach allows us to combine our experiences in the IT industry to develop effective, customized solutions quickly and efficiently. Since we focus on building long-term relationships, we are always striving to provide higher quality service and produce better results. We have become a strategic partner for Fortune 500 firms as well as small to medium sized companies because of the ability to quickly develop effective, customized solutions for time-sensitive initiatives for our clients. From contract and consulting, to contract to hire and permanent placement, Precision Resources has a solution to meet your needs.
Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is searching for an experienced Software Applications Developer with .NET skills to join a client in Birmingham, Alabama. Position Overview: Qualified individuals will have a background of developing both Windows and web applications – primarily utilizing C# and SQL Server. The chosen Developer will be responsible for the development of solutions to support our client’s workflow systems. In addition, the Developer works from business requirements to implement enhancements to systems so that additional business value can be achieved. Minimum Requirements: Three (3) to five years’ experience developing Windows and/or web applications. Three (3) to five years’ experience utilizing SQL Server writing stored procedures, developing triggers and creating queries. Functional knowledge and experience with gathering project requirements. Buzzwords: C#, VB.NET, SQL Server, JavaScript, Dependency, Injection, IOC, Interface, Repository, Patter, Separation, Priority, TFS, Source, Control, Subversion, Delegate, Virtual, Garbage, State, Modeling. This client is unable to provide sponsorship.  Individuals requiring sponsorship will not be considered. To view all of the openings with Precision Resources, please visit: http://www.precisionresources.org/careers Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is one of the fastest growing consulting and recruiting firms providing top-tier Information Technology professionals in the southeast. Our IT Consulting and Recruitment Division is strengthened with our ability to match talented and experienced Information Technology professionals to the unique business needs of our clients. Our team-based approach allows us to combine our experiences in the IT industry to develop effective, customized solutions quickly and efficiently. Since we focus on building long-term relationships, we are always striving to provide higher quality service and produce better results. We have become a strategic partner for Fortune 500 firms as well as small to medium sized companies because of the ability to quickly develop effective, customized solutions for time-sensitive initiatives for our clients.  From contract and consulting, to contract to hire and permanent placement, Precision Resources has a solution to meet your needs.
Precision Resources, a division of The Trimarc Group Inc., is currently searching for an experienced SCCM Engineer to join a client in Birmingham, Alabama.  This is a permanent position with one of Birmingham's most reputable employers. Position Summary: The chosen candidate will be responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting issues related to SCCM and other systems/technologies related to our client's business operations. Deployment, compliance monitoring/reporting, and remediation of all security patches for both Microsoft products (using Windows Server Update Services – WSUS) and 3 rd party applications/browsers such as Acrobat, Flash, Java, Firefox, Chrome, etc. Build, Deploy, and Manage Windows Operating System images and task sequences using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT) and SCCM OSD, including build and capture processes, custom task sequences as needed by different organizations within the company, driver packages for multiple hardware platforms. General SCCM environment administration including: server upgrades, architectural planning and implementation, and monitoring and responding to health issues within the environment such as out-of-date servers and clients and issues with Distribution Points (DPs) and Operating System Deployment (OSD) services. Deployment/Removal of software packages outside of regular patching (i.e. new software implementations, software upgrades, vulnerable software removal, sunset software removal, etc.). Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology preferred. Minimum 5 years of technical support experience in a corporate environment Minimum 2-3 years of SCCM/MDT/OSD/WSUS support experience in a corporate environment. Minimum 2-3 years of Server/Networking support experience in a corporate environment. Certifications are a plus. Strong documentation skills. Demonstrated ability to work well with internal customers. High degree of commitment to quality of services delivered. For a current listing of all of our positions, please visit http://www.precisionresources.org/careers Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is one of the fastest growing consulting and recruiting firms providing top-tier Information Technology professionals in the southeast. Our IT Consulting and Recruitment Division is strengthened with our ability to match talented & experienced Information Technology professionals to the unique business needs of our clients. Our team-based approach allows us to combine our experiences in the IT industry to develop effective, customized solutions quickly and efficiently. Since we focus on building long-term relationships, we are always striving to provide higher quality service and produce better results. We have become a strategic partner for Fortune 500 firms as well as small to medium sized companies because of the ability to quickly develop effective, customized solutions for time-sensitive initiatives for our clients. From contract and consulting, to contract to hire and permanent placement, Precision Resources has a solution to meet your needs.
Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is currently searching for an experienced Amazon Web Services (AWS) Security Analyst to join a client in Birmingham, Alabama. This is a contract-to-hire opportunity with one of Birmingham's most reputable clients. JOB SUMMARY: The chosen candidate will assist in the evaluation, installation, and support of applications within the AWS Cloud deployment, across the full enterprise, to ensure full compliance with new, changing and existing regulations to adhere to clean audits. JOB DUTIES: Stay on top of ever evolving regulations and make the appropriate changes or upgrades necessary to ensure proper compliance Maintain Hardening of the network devices and applications to ensure proper network security Stay on top of and adhere to network configuration updating for proper compliance and privacy adherence Practice network automation wherever and whenever possible via JSON scripting Manage and maintain compliance configuration for all 3 rd parties Be an influencer on all tactical strategic decisions SKILLS: Experience implementing logging for security events within an AWS Cloud environment Experience driving measurable improvement in monitoring and response capabilities at scale Experience in cloud computing technologies, including software-, infrastructure- and platform-as-a-service, as well as public, private and hybrid environments. Experience configuring API connections with various applications within an AWS Cloud deployment Candidate will need to be able to provide great customer service, communication skills, and work in a team environment Self-Motivated, possess some analytical/ trouble shooting skills Candidate must demonstrate strong willingness to learn new technologies Ability to execute tasks in a timely manner Experience with Amazons suit of security tools JOB REQUIREMENTS: Amazon Web Services (AWS) Certifications are a huge plus Interface with DevOps, Developers and Architects Self-Starter personality a definite “Must have” Proven ability to go in front of all levels within organization upto the “C” Level. Ability to work beyond standard business hours as needed Experience : 3-5 years’ experience in cybersecurity, including compliance and risk management with a system and network security engineering background Certification: CISSP or CISM preferred AWS Certification desired Only U.S. Citizens and Green Card holders accepted for this position To view all of the opportunities with Precision Resources www.precisionresources.org/careers Precision Resources, a division of the Trimarc Group Inc., is one of the fastest growing consulting and recruiting firms providing top-tier Information Technology professionals in the southeast. Our IT Consulting and Recruitment Division is strengthened with our ability to match talented and experienced Information Technology professionals to the unique business needs of our clients. Our team-based approach allows us to combine our experiences in the IT industry to develop effective, customized solutions quickly and efficiently. Since we focus on building long-term relationships, we are always striving to provide higher quality service and produce better results. We have become a strategic partner for Fortune 500 firms as well as small to medium sized companies because of the ability to quickly develop effective, customized solutions for time-sensitive initiatives for our clients.  From contract and consulting, to contract to hire and permanent placement, Precision Resources has a solution to meet your needs.
